OK.
So, we're talking about the three portions. There's the beets,
the green one and the black one.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
It's like...
mmh
Oh my god. That's so funny. um
Did you ever see the office?
No, okay, there is a character that really has a beet
farm. It's hysterical. That's it. I just reminded you guys. Yes.
Right.
So, do you remember what it was?
mmh
It's like everything's an acquired taste.
Yeah. It's like everything's an acquired taste, huh?
Larissa? Yes.
Um that's so interesting, so
um I know like when, I had taken Russian for two years.
And I saw my name for the first time.
because nobody ever has Larissa, like on the keychains.
You know little souvenirs and places.
And so when I saw it in the Russian book, I was like...
My name!
Yes. But I didn't care. It was my name.
Um so I, my mom thought I was gonna be a boy.
And she already knew that she was gonna name me after my dad.
And so when I was born, the doctor's like...
Oh, it was a girl. And she was like
Woah, I don't have a name, so she just looked through her baby book real quick and picked my name
Yeah, so that was before the sonograms like where they said,
boy, girl, you just have to wait for the surprise.
Yeah, she knew it was a boy. She knew it was a boy.
And she has prayed that. She's like, God, she wasn't
necessarily like, she was, she didn't have a relationship
of God, like a personal relationship with Jesus.
She was like, God, I want this kid to look exactly like the father.
And uh, so she just in her head knew that it was going to be a boy. And
Tada! But everybody thinks I look just like my dad, so
I was like, I was like you played too hard, mom.
So, yeah.
But um I'm from Tucson, Arizona.
And uh I always
We would come to Disneyland every year.
and then sometimes we might go to Universal or whatever for vacations.
And I always loved LA and everybody in Tucson at that time.
even now they think Los Angeles is like
Orange County, like it's just one. Disney Land's in L.A.
So, what...
yeah or you can go straight like up the 10 like going through
Phoenix and taking on the 10 through Coachella. And you just take the 10 all the way along.
That's the way I do it too. And
So everybody thinks it's in LA, but I also feel like...
L.A. since I was little. I was always fascinated with
like the big city life and
you know just all these people and of course there's big Disneyland's there that's why San Diego
we're never interested there. And so when I was...
When was it? I was praying about coming over here.
And I actually quit my career so I could work with survivors of trafficking.
in L.A. work with survivors in trafficking. And so
That's when I came the first time in like 2013. And then because
I didn't know how to fundraise at the time or any of that.
Stuff like my funding ran out within five months, so I had to
go back home. And
I ended up working there for a little bit and when I came back I had an opportunity
I jumped on it and so I've been living here in South LA.
for seven years. Um
I... the first time I was in Echo Park, so it was very different.
After five months, so it's like 2014
when I went back to Arizona, and then 2017 I went back.
Yeah, I was dying for a way to come back and so...
I called up some friends and I'm like I need to go back to LA like some friends that
I worked with at that um organization.
And they're like, I don't have nothing here but you can try.
this friend because she's looking for somebody to like be like an
intake coordinator, whatever. So I called her and I ended up getting the job. And I was...